FL	Description
kkS	IsoCode Country + Technology (S)
kkS-yyyy	Plant code 
kkS-yyyy-yn	PCU_<ID_FIELD> 
kkS-yyyy-yn-OC	Civil Works
kkS-yyyy-yn-OC-WS	Sheaths
kkS-yyyy-yn-OC-MF	Metallic frame
kkS-yyyy-yn-OC-FO	Foundations
kkS-yyyy-yn-OC-MR	Dirt Work
kkS-yyyy-yn-MV	MV Section
kkS-yyyy-yn-MV-CL	MV cables
kkS-yyyy-yn-MV-IT	MV Switchgear
kkS-yyyy-yn-MV-PR	MV Protective Systems
kkS-yyyy-yn-MV-SZ	MV On Load Transformer Switch
kkS-yyyy-yn-CE	Energy Meters
kkS-yyyy-yn-CE-CA	Auxiliary meter
kkS-yyyy-yn-CE-CR	AC Revenue Meter
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV	LV Section
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-CL	LV cables
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LA	LV Auxiliary section
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LA-IT	Auxiliary general breaker
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LA-UP	UPS Circuits
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LA-UN	Normal AC Circuits
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LA-TR	Auxiliary service transformer
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LP	Parallel LV section
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LP-IT	Parallel general breaker
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LP-TK	Metallic tank 
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LP-PI	Relay parallel protection
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LP-QG	LV Cabling to SU Transformer
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LP-CO	Consumables
kkS-yyyy-yn-LV-LP-pp	Inverter nn Output Circuit breaker
kkS-yyyy-yn-CS	Charging Station
kkS-yyyy-yn-UP	UPS
kkS-yyyy-yn-FC	Container HVAC
kkS-yyyy-yn-CL	Underground Cables and Overhead Power Lines
kkS-yyyy-yn-FP	Floating platform
kkS-yyyy-yn-FP-F1	Floating elements
kkS-yyyy-yn-FP-F2	Anchors
kkS-yyyy-yn-ST	Support Structures
kkS-yyyy-yn-ST-S1	Metallic parts
kkS-yyyy-yn-ST-S2	Concrete foundations and pillings
kkS-yyyy-yn-ST-S4	Grounding system
kkS-yyyy-yn-ST-S6	Panel Fixed Metal Structure
kkS-yyyy-yn-TT	Tracker System
kkS-yyyy-yn-TS	Arrays anti-tefts system
kkS-yyyy-yn-TS-TA	Active Anti Tefts system
kkS-yyyy-yn-TS-TS	Passive Anti Tefts system
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC	SCADA System
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-AP	Scada devices
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-LN	Internal LAN
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM	Met sensors
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-IR	Irradiance
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-TA	Ambient Temperature
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-TM	Module Temperature sensor
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-PR	Ambient Pressure
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-HU	Hummidity
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-WI	Wind intensity
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-WU	Wind direction
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-RI	Rain intensity sensor
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-MS	Met station power supply
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-SO	Soiling sensor
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-WE	Multipurpose weather sensor
kkS-yyyy-yn-TC-SM-BI	Back Irradiance
kkS-yyyy-yn-Tn	PCU_nn_LV/MV Transformer_n
kkS-yyyy-yn-Tn-PT	Transformer protective system
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn	PCU_<ID_FIELD>_INV_<ID_INV>
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-Tn	LV/LV Field Transformer
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-FU	Fuse Combiner
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-D1	DC section
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-D1-MP	MPPT control system
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-D1-GI	Ground Impedence system
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-AC	AC section
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-AC-GC	Convertion group
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-AC-IP	Interface Protection System
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-IS	Isolation Transformer
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-CO	Consumables
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-AR	Cooling Fans
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-TK	Metallic tank 
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-HI	Human machine interface
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-DS	DC Disconnect Switch
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-IT	AC Breaker
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-PS	External Power supply
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-RC	Remote communication 
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-nn	Combiner nn
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-nn-01	PV Strings
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-nn-MS	Panel Fixed Metal Structure
kkS-yyyy-yn-nn-nn-TT	Tracker System
